planner: update SPM doc (#16772)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

</CustomContent>

### `tidb_load_binding_timeout` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `200`
- Range: `(0, 2147483647]`
- Unit: Milliseconds

> - This variable is used to control the timeout of binding loading. If the time of binding loading exceeds this variable, it will stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control the timeout of binding loading. If the execution time of loading bindings exceeds this value, the loading will be stopped.
```

> - This variable is used to control the timeout of binding loading. If the execution time of loading bindings exceeds this value, the loading will be stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control the timeout of loading bindings. If the execution time of loading bindings exceeds this value, the loading will stop.
```
